README.md, before:

# Corten

![Rust](https://github.com/tonytins/corten/workflows/Rust/badge.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tonytins/corten.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tonytins/corten) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ffru6ik26j2b87ko?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/tonytins/corten) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tonytins/corten/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tonytins/corten)

A stack-based virtual machine initially based on [So you want to build a language VM](https://blog.subnetzero.io/post/building-language-vm-part-01/) tutorial.

## Requirements

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.41+
- Recommended IDEs
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Jetbrains IntelliJ

### Supported Platforms

- Ubuntu 18.04+
- Windows 10 v1809+
- macOS 10.15+

## Authors

- **Anthony Foxclaw** - *Initial work* - [tonytins](https://github.com/tonytins)
- **Fletcher Haynes** - *Tutorial* - [fletchercp](https://gitlab.com/fletchercp)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/tonytins/simtactics/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MPL 2.0 license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Rearranaged opcode order
- Rearranaged opcodes to match Iridium's
- Grabbed the get_test_vm() function from the Iridium 1 source to keep up with the tutorial
- Specifications page with details regarding Iridium and Corten's instruction set list

README.md, after:

# Corten

![Rust](https://github.com/tonytins/corten/workflows/Rust/badge.svg) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tonytins/corten.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tonytins/corten) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/ffru6ik26j2b87ko?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/tonytins/corten) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/tonytins/corten/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/tonytins/corten)

Corten is a stack-based virtual machine written in Rust.

## Specifications

See [specifications](docs/spec.md) page.

## Requirements

### Prerequisites

- Rust 1.41+
- Recommended IDEs
  - Visual Studio Code
  - Jetbrains IntelliJ

### Supported Platforms

- Ubuntu 18.04+
- Windows 10 v1809+
- macOS 10.15+

## Authors

- **Anthony Foxclaw** - *Initial work* - [tonytins](https://github.com/tonytins)
- **Fletcher Haynes** - *Tutorial* - [fletchercp](https://gitlab.com/fletchercp)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/tonytins/simtactics/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MPL 2.0 license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
